DiamondBase README

This file contains a short list of instructions on installing DiamondBase.

Please make sure you have read the Copyright file.

The first thing you need to do, is unpack the distribution. Well, you seem
to have achieved that so we'll skip to the next bit...

If you have GNU Make then you should use the 'Makefile' in this directory.
If not, there is a quick and dirty Makefile.gen which works with standard
make. 

If you have GNU Make, edit the Makefile and modify the OS = line on the
first page of it. If your operating system is not listed, see below. You
may also want to change the BINDIR and LIBDIR to point to where you want to
install DiamondBase. These changes can also be done by setting environment
variables.

If your OS is not listed and is not similar enough to the ones there so
that compilation works, then define your own OS by adding the appropriate
section to the Makefile. There are instructions in the Makefile for what
all the symbols mean. Please do not modify the existing systems unless you
find an error. Rather add a new section and send the changes to us (see
BUGS below).

If you are using Makefile.gen, you will probably want to change all the
defines in there. They have the same meaning as the ones in Makefile. You
don't need to inform us if you change this file.

Once you have fixed up the Makefile, all you need to do is enter 'make' (or
'make -f Makefile.gen' if you're not using GNU Make).

This will compile the diamondBase library and the Schema compiler, dsc. You
may install these with 'make install' (make -f Makefile.gen install)

This will copy the library into LIBDIR and dsc into BINDIR. You are now
ready to use DiamondBase. Read the documentation for instructions on how to
use it.


MULTIUSER VERSION

The multiuser version can be compiled by using: make multi
It can be installed with: make installmulti

DOCUMENTATION

There is a very nice (we think) manual for the package in LaTeX format in
this distribution. To make the documentation enter 'latex doc.tex'. When
this finishes, run it a second time to get the page/figure references
accurate. This will produce doc.dvi. You can either preview this or convert
it to some printable form (eg, by using dvips).

If you do not have LaTeX, then we can send you the dvi file.
If you do not have dvi tools, we can send you a PostScript version.
If you do not have PostScript, we can send you an ascii version.
If you do not have ascii... Well, er, um, things are looking bad for you.

Then you're ready to use DiamondBase. Good Luck.

BUGS

What are they? Hopefully you won't find any, but if you do, please mail a
desription of the bug and maybe even a bit of code to exploit it along with
any patches you might have that fix the bug to the following address:

	darrenp@dibbler.cs.monash.edu.au

We will attempt to rectify the bug or incorporate your patches. We would
also like to hear about errors in the manual.

NOTE: Please include a description of the platform you are running
DiamondBase on including the architecture, compiler and any other relevant
info. Please also include and changes you have made to the Makefile,
particularly compiler flags. Also compile and run the version program and
send us the output of that with your bug.

DiamondBase was written by, and is maintained by:

Darren Platt: darrenp@dibbler.cs.monash.edu.au
Andrew Davison: davison@bruce.cs.monash.edu.au
Kevin Lentin: kevinl@bruce.cs.monash.edu.au

We invite comments on the package, suggestions etc.

Note. Some of the things we mention are trademarks of some big companies
with lots of lawyers.
